Project 3 Proposal
Rikki Price
Interactive Design 1
3-23-17

Fiction: I Am a Writer. Or Am I?
My idea is not entirely my own, but I think I can work with. I’ll definitely be putting my own “spin” to it, since I can never really do things the simple way. So what is it? There’s not really a label for it, but I am essentially going to try and build a writer’s process website. Or rather, just something that will hopefully inspire new and/or struggling writers. 
The first page. I want my landing page to contain an introduction explaining the convoluted purpose for the site, something that will give people a very clear picture of what they’re getting into, with a “disclaimer” to warn people off who might not be interested in my personal opinions on the topic of writing fiction.
After the landing page, I plan to have at least 4 more pages. Three will detail my three most crucial elements of writing fiction. Each will have a brief (hopefully) summary of what’s needed to attain the element I’m talking about on that page. If I can manage it, on each Element page, I’ll even include a “worksheet” to help motivate readers. The final page will be entirely different. I’ll get back to that later.
The second page: “Pick your world.” My second page will be about choosing and developing the world and settings you want your story to happen in. The third page will be “Who lives there?” and will encourage and prompt on creating their core group of characters. The fourth page is “What’s happening?” and will provide some insight into gathering inspiration for your plot.
And the final page: “How I do it.” My goal for this is to try and have the website as a whole feel as if you’re going from one page of a book to another. The landing page is my page one, and serves as the prologue. The three pages after that are the content of my story. And the final page I want to serve as my epilogue, a way of tying everything in, but going back to the “prologue” with a more personal tone. 
That’s my proposal. Hopefully it doesn’t suck.
